[docs] Drop Conan 1.x from CCI documentation (#25875)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/adding_packages/sources_and_patches.md

Downloaded source code must have a deterministic results where the exact same archive is download each time. See
[Conandata's `"sha"` fields](conandata_yml_format.md#sha256) for how this is achieved in ConanCenterIndex.

> The sources stored under `self.source_folder` should not be modified, except for applying patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sources stored under `self.source_folder` should not apply patches or modifications in the `source()` method conditional to options or settings.
```

Author: Addressed by https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/commit/237651b6a25001a267388afc785de60bdca2d1d7

> Any patch should be applied to the copy of this source code when a source is executed (basically in `source()` method).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patches should be applied in the `source()` method - taking special care that the patches are platform agnostic. Patches in the `build()` method can be considered where this is not possible, provided that `no_copy_source` is **not** set to `True`.
```

although the complexity here is such that all of this should be covered in the Conan documentation and we should not have to restate it.

Author: Addressed by 237651b6a25001a267388afc785de60bdca2d1d7

In this repository we are building a subset of all the versions for a given library. This set of version changes over time as new versions
are released and old ones stop being used.

> We welcome the latest release version for its new features and improvements. However, we recommend exercising caution with fresh releases, as upstream may soon release patches or hotfixes to address any unforeseen issues."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome the latest release version for its new features and improvements. However, we recommend exercising caution with fresh releases, as upstream may soon release patches or hotfixes to address any unforeseen issues. We usually wait until releases are a few days old to merge them.
```

The Conan Team may ask you to remove more if they are taking a lot of resources. When removing old versions, please follow these considerations:

* keep one version for every major release
* for the latest major release, at least two versions should be available (latest two minor versions)

Logic associated with removed revisions implies that entries in the `config.yml` and `conandata.yml` files should also be removed. If anyone needs to
recover them in the future, Git contains the full history and changes can be recovered from it.

Removed versions should not affect other recipes available in the repository. If a recipe depends on a removed version, it should be updated to
depend on the latest available version.

Please, note that even if those versions are removed from this repository, **the packages will always be accessible in ConanCenter remote**
associated to the recipe revision used to build them.

### Adding old versions

> We would love to hear why in the opening description of the pull requests you need this exact version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: `We usually don't add old versions unless there is a specific request for it.`

I would add, a "well motivated request" -

Author: Addressed by aefd84be4e951bdbd359f7e3182eee49e674c35c

Patch files are preferred over programmatic `replace_in_file` statements. This makes it easier to review and prevent
unwanted side effects when new versions are added. They will be listed in [`conandata.yml`](conandata_yml_format.md)

> file and exported together with the recipe. Patches must always include [patch fields](conandata_yml_format.md#patches-fields).

Reviewer: the only required field is the path to the patch file - everything else is optional :D

Author: Addressed by 75461cc13016357ac2b7a51d7e2c5b060afa05af
